{
  "computed": {
    "prompt_tokens": 28,
    "generated_tokens": 3888,
    "tokens_per_second": 146.72,
    "peak_gpu_memory_mb": 0,
    "repetition_score": 0.001,
    "average_sentence_length": 13.3
  },
  "input": "The old man looked at her and said",
  "output": "the old man looked at her and said , patting him on his neck . her voice made me look out from her with a cry . '' `` marial ? arii stood near it but didnt know what he was looking for , as if the seat of the lady s and dutton had she could say that those things could have heard , they were all walking off to the right that was either been either other out behind them or to go along a few yards back in sight . oh no , missus , i replied . he turned at gabe . but again david told me . we have better eyes to do something on a strange noise because thats pretty funny when our energy is rolling ? although you cant tell this . he went on to get up the tabula from the box he came back , just talking about a little louder than he wouldve fixed johns nose yesterday . you shouldnt , and why ? abby responded lightly . dont worry ! for the best intention of my willingness to serve such a brilliant argument and concentrate on her position , but without speaking anything else . at least , there are many more questions ? ryan laughed . the soil seemed just about etretat . she did not want to think about space between us and where anyone would make sense any real would run to town to those years ago. he took us to surrender a deep memory . that would be damn good if its worth getting wasted . ah , young jackson offered , ah , noby - after one year after sixteen hours march nine oclock during an hour , anyway , do you suppose . tares asked , unable to tell her . if i read it and not before nikolai might , seeing the minotaur couldnt enter his own soul , valrek must protect valiant easily . '' briar returned , sirenne . maybe he should reach the house and hear you anyway . bobby turned for a few moments at bobbys moment left hand up , he thoughtly , obviously anything , or even more words , including more angels than food or fries or more paper or drinks . once no use to talk to anna finally walked over to their homes and i quickly stopped myself before continuing on the beach there was an excellent problem . he did not answer only though he wished they hadnt taken it as long as he was on in the way . youve always begun . she simply feels like i could see anybody who had done it . instead , they will let you forget your adventure . but when she first allowed herself to join him , nancy took a second picture of gavin . dont think so much of what happened . why dont you repeat yourself ? eventually on horseback to allow him to stirrups away , and vengeance . a science center with science-gent affairs and deception . yeah , ill explain we 've got a way through . youre saying quite correct , tommy added carefully . i managed to peel off , wheeling him . to him the same one who murdereded a roman toga parties whose wings were still alive . feeling violent in thought they could smell the scent below the aquila that dropped at him . nahumik knew that it was the people after death ; then that naitty used the role in hebrew- with the army as he asked : we can not finish this man . '' stalin twitched into the traditional sun with several massive stone soldiers and the creatures shattered within under the guards whom remained , promising to run the ramifications . `` put to our bags together , '' nath . people had arrived close at each island camp without checking for the worst time . wheres austin ? most friends ? * tomorrow we started heading in interstate , retraced with the sutlers store , until some folks holding black panthers clinging and face or howling , so turned out to side , some gold and treasure trolls and patterns overhead on the horizon , it seems impossible to walk down . why shouldnt you look far . all they manage to stay ? '' `` yep , nerza . it seems they might take a little girl . there are thousands of women attempting to maintain a terrible fate , especially seekeronly use such evil tradition at immortality powder , washed the plants in his heart . '' `` asked o'flanahan . somehow , caesar and worst comes in here to him . if youre not coming . whats wrong , you believe that ? guys who arent going ? hmm . father to trust his wife that day and ramona was begging her : were a violent race to settle in a future so years since her age . i think youd need another as though , i brought connie in salam , with bronze skin and caked with metal branches beneath their legs . he opened a slit by which was left to be holding hands , allowing the dagger to an abdomen . i watch his wrist . we sat next to the locker room and laid out the windows into the house for both two strangers . gavin was growing tired enough to read their events . the whole thing are the same . so far does this happen , or i am going to come ashore because im happy . lilly ann has seen him get what would be a place to marry sam because hed never acted with enough muscle . well at least i could n't be afraid for a woman yet , they",
  "generation_time": 26.498619318008423
}
